# Rino Sponsor

## Become a sponsor & support us

- [Ko-fi Donation](https://ko-fi.com/opdev1004)
- [Github sponsor page](https://github.com/sponsors/opdev1004)

### 🔥 Immortal Supporter

More than or equal to $4000 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your image(400px x 100px) at the immortal Supporter in README file and front page.
- List your image(400px x 100px) at the bottom of content pages.
- Contact us for more stuffs.

### 👼 Divine Supporter

More than or equal to $2,000 a month

- Pick one project that you want to place your banner image(240px x 80px) at the Divine Supporter in README file and front page and sidebar of project website.

### 🎻 Ancient Supporter

More than or equal to $250 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your logo(120px x 40px) at the Ancient Supporter in README file and front page of project website.

### ⚔ Legend Supporter

More than or equal to $100 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your logo(40px x 40px) at the Legend Supporter in README file and front page of project website.

### 🌲 Archon Supporter

More than or equal to $50 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your name at the Archon Supporter in README or SUPPORTER file.

- **YOUR NAME WILL BE CAPITALIZED AND STRONG LIKE THIS**

### 🍀 Crusader Supporter

More than or equal to $25 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your name at the Crusader Supporter in README or SUPPORTER file.

### ☘ Guardian Supporter

More than or equal to $15 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your name at the Guardian Supporter in README or SUPPORTER file.

### 🌱 Herald Supporter

More than or equal to $5 a month

- Pick one project that you want to list your name at the Herald Supporter in README or SUPPORTER file.
